docs: document subscriptions/listen and CacheableResult in draft learn and client pages (#3068)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: docs/docs/draft/develop/clients/client-best-practices.mdx

| **Refresh on `list_changed`**    | Re-index the search catalog when a server sends `notifications/tools/list_changed`.                                                                                                                |
| **Group tools by server**        | Present tools organized by their source server so the model can reason about related capabilities.                                                                                                 |

> 
> ### Caching
> 
> Each `tools/list` result carries `ttlMs` and `cacheScope` hints. Follow them as defined in the
> specification's [caching utility](/specification/draft/server/utilities/caching). In particular,
> treat a cached list as stale once a `list_changed` notification arrives, even before its TTL
> expires.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Caching

All list (e.g.`tools/list`) ,as well as `server/discover` and `resources/read`, results carries `ttlMs` and `cacheScope` hints. Follow them as defined in the
specification's [caching utility](/specification/draft/server/utilities/caching). In particular,
treat a cached list as stale once a `list_changed` notification arrives, even before its TTL
expires.
```

| **Refresh on `list_changed`**    | Re-index the search catalog when a server sends `notifications/tools/list_changed`.                                                                                                                |
| **Group tools by server**        | Present tools organized by their source server so the model can reason about related capabilities.                                                                                                 |

When caching list results, follow the server's caching hints (see the specification's
[caching utility](/specification/draft/server/utilities/caching)). Each `tools/list` result
carries a `ttlMs` field, a freshness hint in milliseconds. Treat the cached result as fresh
for that long and re-fetch once it expires. A `list_changed` notification invalidates the
cached result immediately, even if the TTL has not expired. The result's `cacheScope` field
controls sharing. A `"private"` result may only be reused within the same authorization
context, so never serve it for a different access token. Only `"public"` results may be
shared across users or served from a shared cache.

> 

Reviewer 2: Caching should have its own header.
